 ## Generated data

This folder contains data files generated using other the scripts in this project.
All the data here is fake and shortened. It is meant to act as a placeholder for the real generated data.

### Files and Folders

- `allele_frequencies/`: contains ancestry-specific allele frequencies generated by PLINK for each chromosome. Generated by `create_ancestry_AFs.sh`.
- `betas_and_AFs/`: contains lists of SNPs and their effect sizes and allele frequencies for each trait. Generated by `append_betas_AFs.R`.
- `encoded_genotypes/`: contains the genotypes at significant SNPs of sampled individuals converted into an R-legible format. Generateed by `encode_sample_genotypes.sh`.
- `pop_ALLrc_IIDs.txt`: contains list of FIDs and IIDs as well as their ancestry. Generated by `assign_ancestries_to_IIDs.R`.
- `pop_sampled_IIDs.txt`: contains list of FIDs, IIDs, as well as their ancestry, but just for randomly sampled individuals from each ancestry. Generated by `assign_ancestries_to_IIDs.R`.
- `pop_sampled_PRSs.txt`: contains the custom PRS of sampled individuals for every trait. Generated by `calculate_divergence.R`.
- `top100bin_SNPs.txt`: contains SNP information for every SNP found in a top 100 significant bin for each trait. Generated by `create_table.R`.
- `top100bin_SNPs_rsIDs.txt`: contains just rsID and A2 allele information for every SNP found in a top 100 significant bin for each trait. Generated by `create_table.R`.
- `traits_table.txt`: contains all the calculated data about each trait. Generated by `create_table.R` and updated by `calculate_divergence.R`.